
<p>Mens issues and rights are not something that are often talked about or even mentioned in conversations, but they are still prominent issues. although women also are disadvantaged in society -it could be argued more so than men-it does not mean that mens rights should take a back seat and be ignored. many people will read mens rights and think it is misogynisti to be complaining about mens problems when for some it may seem there is nothing to complain about.however, There are real people, with real issues and disadvantages, that struggle to get help or find someone to talk to -simply becasue of the attitudes that men have had all the advantages for decades, so the issues they face must be insignificant and less important than the rights of women. read on to learn more about issues men face on a daily basis:

depression:
although both genders suffer from depression and it can affect anyone, men are much less likely to seek and get help - many feel that they should not need help and want to apear strong. because men are less likely to get help, more men are led to commit suicide than women, even though more women are likely to suffer from mental health issues. suicide is the biggest killer of young men in britain under 50 - at a rate three times that of women.

violence:
domestic violence and rape against men is often not taken sriously, which can lead to men experiencing traumatic events or abuse, while not feeling like they can have someone to talk to. In addition to mocking from peers regarding domestic violence against men, some police officers can be unsympathetic - this in turn leads to a very low conviction rate and more reoffences.

prostate cancer:
according to the national cancer institute, one in eight women will get breast cancer in their lifetime, whereas one in seven men will get prostate cancer. however, prostate cancer is discussed much less and is more stigmatised than breast cancer aswell as much more money and awareness raised for breast cancer.

workplace deaths:
men account for 93% of all workplace deaths in america. becasue men are still exoected to be the breadwinners and earn money by some, men often go into more dangerous lines of work such as construction becasue they are left with little other choice.

homelessness:
A 2007 study carried out by the US mayors congress showed that 70% of homeless people were men.

family courts:
an article in newsweek(2008) stated that women win sole custody battles five out of six times. men are disadvantaged in terms of custody over their children, even if they may be the more suitable parental choice just because of their gender.

Fathers for justice:
'we stand for the human rights of mothers, fathers and children'

fathers for justice is an organisation that campaigns for mens custody rights. some of their main aims include;
1)to end fatherlessness and family breakdown
2)to ensure all children have a meaningful and loving relationship with their fathers
3)to ensure fathers have a legal presumption of 50/50 shared parenting after separation
4)end child support discrimination against the father
5)end discrimination against men
6)launch public enquiries into the family justice system
7)to engage in immediate reform of the famiky justice system

what can you do?
you can become a person who helps raise awareness for mens issues and rights and campaign for better lives and better futures. some ways you can do this is by encouraging and supporting charities like fathers for justice (such as through donations and volunteering). you could also encourage men you know to be more open and to speak up and tell others when they have an issue, becasue this could help prevent tragedies like suicide. 

</p>


	
    