
people of colour

people of colour have been discriminated against, treated differently and given less opportunities than their white counterparts for a long time - racism stems back decades.we believe that no one should be treated difernetly becasue of the olour  of their skin or judged by any way but the content of their character. although there is far less racism occuring today, it is still occuring albeit more ccovertly and unconciously. poeple still have biases associated with skin colour - including the police, the next few boxes will hopefully help you understand just how the colour of someones skin can affect their quality of life and how people view.

jail:
people of colour make up 30% of the US, but 60% of the prison population - they are overepresented, while white people are underepresented. 1 in 30 hispanic men and 1 in 15 african american men are incarcerated. thid is compared to 1 in 106 men. can this be a coincidence? if there are more white people in the country compared to ethnic minorities, this should be represented in the prison population. some may argue that ethnic minorities and people of colour  are more criminal, but they are just viewed as more criminal due to biases, racial profiling and institutional racism on the part of the police. )black people are 6 times more likely to br stopped and searched by police 
)the independent(2015)said that in dorset a black person was over 17 times more likely to be stopped and searched than any other ethnic groups.

[2014-2015 dorset there were 200 stops and searches on black people. in the same time frame there were 2,549 stops and searches on white people. you may think that this does not show evidence of racism, but when you see the population of dorset you will see the clear extent of discrimination in dorset. 200 balck people were stopped and searched out of 3200 people. 2,549 white people were stopped and searched out of 714,600 people]. in 2013/14 there wer 47, 571 racist incidents that were recorded by police in englad and wales(130 incidents per day

convictons:
not only are ethnic minorities 20%  more lkely to be convicted - becasue they are seen to fit the profile of a delimquent by police and judges - they also recieve longer sentences compared to white offenders. black offendors recieve sentences 10% longer for the same crimes.

mental health:
a study published in the international journal of health services found that black and hispanic young people were less able to get mental health services than white children and young adults - despite mental illness being consistent.

institutional racism